today i am going to explain
an american fantasy adventure
comedy film called gulliver's travels
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
middle-aged man named lammel gulliver wakes up in
his messy new york apartment and goes on with his
morning routine he talks to his superhero toys on
a shelf and dances in the shower showing us his
goofy side gulliver works in the main room of a
new york newspaper company that day he meets a
new employee named dan and befriends him gulliver
is dance boss in the mailing department as the two
deliver their meal for the day they come across
gulliver's long time crush and journalist named
darcy silverman he has been in love with her for
years but has never confessed later that day dan
brings out a notice that says he has been promoted
to head of the melee department on his first day
gulliver has been working in the facility
for 10 years but no one there respects him
dan claims that gulliver is scared to talk
and will never progress in life other than
his mail room job a distressed gulliver is
walking out of the office and notices darcy
working late he gathers up courage and
goes to her caving to ask her out however
his nerves get the best of him so
instead he picks up a random paper
from her desk and heads out darcy asks
him if he wants to apply for a travel
writing assignment a nervous gulliver agrees that
has to submit a travel blog the following day
at whom he copies and pastes several articles from
the internet for the blog the following day at
work he submit it to darcy who is impressed by his
writing skills and provides him with a new task
she wants him to travel to the bermuda triangle
and write an article about the legends of ships
mysteriously disappearing there to impress her
gulliver egress darcy arranged a contract and
a boat for him gulliver flies to bermuda the
very next day where he is picked up by a man he
takes gulliver to a rented boat and shows him
how to use it the journey is pretty simple as
the boat is automated gulliver finally sells
for the bermuda triangle alone in the board
for the first few hours he enjoys himself by
reading how to build a robot magazines and
drinking several cans of coke he soon falls asleep
sometime later he wakes up to a massive wave
in front of him a sea storm hits and he quickly
puts a life jacket on the boat shakes vigorously
in the water gulliver turns around to see an
enormous sea tornado coming in his way the liver
with his boat is sucked on top of the tornado
then right into its eyes the screen goes black
when gulliver opens his eyes he cannot move his
body he looks down and is surprised when he sees
some tiny men standing on top of his chest their
leader introduces himself as the commander edward
edwardian of the lilliput the camera zooms out
showing his a crowd of tiny people standing
around gulliver he is pink to the ground with tiny
ropes and wood commander edward sells gulliver a
beast a confused gulliver yells in fear and breaks
free from the ropes easily thinking that this is
a dream he tries closing his eyes edward orders
his soldiers to bring the beast down the soldiers
attach their hooks to gulliver's pant and make him
fall unconscious when he wakes up gulliver finds
himself tied to a cart and being pulled into the
kingdom of lilliput the tiny civilians come out
of their houses to get a look at the beast he is
pulled into the royal palace and presented to the
king of lilliput king theodore the king's daughter
princess mary petey's gulliver and asked edward
if the restraints are necessary edward claims
that gulliver is a spy from their enemy kingdom
blephasia gulliver finally speaks and asks
the king where he is king theodore's secretary
didn't tell him that he is in lilliput the
greatest nation in the world valley first
things this is a prank and ask that non-existent
cameraman to show himself in the following scene
we see gulliver imprisoned inside a cave he meets
a fellow prisoner named horacio who was sentenced
to life by edward for trying to quote princess
mary the two are approached by edward again
who listens to them referring to him as lame ass
when an energy edward threatens to imprison them
for life gulliver claims lame as means someone
who is brave happy with the answer edward takes
both the prisoners to a field to blow it with the
help of gulliver's strength he restrains gulliver
with a machine just then two rings of a bell
are cleared from the palace indicating the has
attacked they are trying to kidnap princess mary
and has started a fire at the place edward quickly
runs to the palace and orders everyone not to save
the princess as he wants to be the one to save her
but horacio asked gallivar to do it because edward
can't reach her on time gulliver easily takes the
blessing soldier down and saves the princess
but the king and his secretary are stuck
in the fire the liver in a hurry urinates on
the building everyone claps for him when he
stops the fire and saves king theodore
the king removes him and horacio from
imprisonment and thanks gulliver for his bravery
he also invites everyone for a feast at night to
celebrate the occasion edward is furious to see
someone else being praised for their referee
at the feast the king asked gulliver where he
is from and he answers he is from manhattan the
people assume that gulivar was the president of
manhattan and he is the bravest one there the
livers feels like a hero for the first time in his
life so he fabricates the story claiming he was
known as president the awesome everyone believes
him except for edward the following day the people
of lilliput build a massive home for gulliver
with all the facilities he could get when he
was in new york the king sends a search party to
look for his washed up boat at gulliver's request
gulliver also makes them build a theater to fit
everyone in the kingdom then he show them a drama
of the sinking titanic claiming it to be the story
of his life everyone is amazed by the tragic life
that he has had edward inquires how he was saved
after drowning and gulliver claims that he was
resuscitated later horatio asked gulliver to help
him impress princess mary and gulliver egress the
two go to the palace and horacio approaches the
princess a hidden gulliver recites the lyrics
of the song kiss making hirachio repeat it by the
end of it the princess starts to fall for russia
but she is called by edward who has come to
court her the two have been designed to get
married as edward is the bravest of the kingdom
princess mary isn't fond of edward but she cannot
seem to get rid of him somewhere else the search
party finds the washed up boat with cans of coke
gulliver comes to the scene and finds his phone is
still working he has 12 voice messages from darcy
turns out she is furious to have found out about
gulliver's placarized article she has to now sail
on the same trail gulliver came through to do the
bermuda triangle research herself the liver now
doesn't want to go back to new york and face heart
so he decides to stay in lilliput permanently
edward is not happy about the decision and tells
her the king he is suspicious of gulliver the king
dismisses him claiming that he trusts gulliver
because of his stay the king gives gulliver
the title of the new general and demotes edward
to vice general a jailer's edward turns lily puts
defense system off making it easier for their
enemies blephasia to attack blephasian soldiers
and their king see this and plan to attack
lilliput immediately they approach the kingdom
throw waters and launch cannonballs towards
lilliput being the general now it is gulliver's
responsibility to stop them he nervously stepped
into the water and starts to splash it around the
canon balls do not work on gulliver who is
massive compared to them eventually he defeats the
blephasians and becomes the savior of lilliput the
people from lilliput fulfill all the gulliver's
wishes they even build a model of times square so
he would feel at home they change their clothing
to match that of gulliver's soldiers are appointed
to cut his hair and give him massages one night
edward barges into the princess's chamber he
claims that it is his right to come in any
time because he quotes the princess the princess
finally reveals that she doesn't love him and
doesn't want him to quote her anymore and angered
edward lives for blephesia to ask for help from
the king edward's men have found the build your
robot book gulliver had on the boat the blephasian
king agrees to help him build a robot using the
book to battle gulliver some days later gulliver
is at the model time square when the bells of the
palace ring suggesting an invasion gulliver gets
ready to battle tiny people but is surprised
when a huge robot being operated by edward
stands in front of him but it is way stronger
than him it picks gulliver up with his pants
and makes him accept his defeat gulliver also
confesses that everything he said about him being
the president is alive the king and the princes
are surprised to have been betrayed by him edward
sends gulliver to a forbidden place called the
iceland where we dare not go as a punishment when
gulliver is left there he is picked up by a giant
little girl turns out the iceland is the home of
giants the girl thinks gulliver is a toy and keeps
him in her barbie house dressing him in garlic
clothes meanwhile back in lilliput darcy's body
washes up on the shore gulliver had told everyone
that darcy is his princess back home so edward
recognizes her and imprisons her she meets king
theodore and his queen is prison who have been
captured after gulliver's defeat horatio sees this
and decides to travel to the iceland where we dare
not go to get the liver back he is minuscule on
the iceland and manages to reach gulliver safety
the little girl's doll house also has a skeleton
of a dead u.s air force pilot gulliver uses the
parachute to escape and fly back to ladyfood he
first goes to meet darcy in the prison and confess
that he has a crush on her she forgives him for
plagiarizing the article and seems to be opening
up to him gulliver has decided to challenge edward
for a duel he doesn't want to prove his bravery
anymore but genuinely wants to help lilliput
the following day the two stand before each other
ready to battle gulliver wants edward to give the
kingdom back to king theodore if he wins but
if he losses edward will destroy the kingdom
altogether the two fight and edward overpowers
him within seconds russia runs to help him and
manages to get inside the robot he defeats edward
from inside eventually depowering the robot after
that gulliver easily manages to defeat it and the
crowd erupts in cheers even darcy celebrates the
will because of horacio's bravery he is provided
permission to quote princess mary the two finally
kiss but just then edward who has reached the
point of insanity takes the princess hotage but
the princess finally having enough of edward beats
the traitor of a frustration that she then kisses
gulliver for the first time the blessing king and
theodore are about to initiate the work again but
gulliver stops them he successfully helps to make
peace between the rival iceland nation by reciting
edwin stars war and finally he along with darcy
return to new york city on their repaired ship cut
to a few weeks later gulliver has left the mail
room job and is a travel writer now he and darcy
are in a happy relationship gulliver has just
completed a travel assignment and the move ends
as the two walk out of darcy's office while
holding hands subscribe for more videos like
this turn on notifications and leave a like
to help the channel out thank you for watching